[Fix] Linking issue on RN prior to 0.60 on iOS (#669)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

* **[Feature]** Catch low memory warning and provide the API to check if it has happened in last session:  `Crashes.hasReceivedMemoryWarningInLastSession()`.

#### iOS

> * **[Fix]** Fixed `react-native link` script, which occasionally could add Pods using a relative path, therefore, failing the build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fixed a react-native link issue for RN prior to 0.60 where App Center pods may be added incorrectly to Podfile.
```
